From:	Tong Chen [TChen@topcoder.com]
Sent:	Monday, March 19, 2007 2:48 PM
Subject:	RE: Approval for component

I’m ok with using the Object Formatter component if you feel it’s necessary for your design, as long as 
no other dependencies are introduced.

Regards,
 
Tong Chen (tc)
 
 
Sent: Sunday, March 18, 2007 12:08 PM 
To: Tong Chen 
Subject: RE: Approval for component

Btw – you’re still going to get overloaded log methods to do (level, string, arg, arg, etc) [too bad we 
aren’t using varargs in 1.5) that will automatically use the MessageFormat ObjectFormatter 
implementation (that’s why I asked about where that one should go – in the logging wrapper or object 
formatter component).  But I also wanted to provide a log(level, object, objectformatter) method for 
general formatting and wanted to also provide a default object formatter that the log(level, object) 
could use.

Note: just to reinforce this – would have been great for the XMPP project when you are logging the 
events.  You’d just pass the event to the logger and the object formatter would format it.  Thus 
removing the formatting code from every logging line (and providing separation of the object and the 
format of the object [allowing you to change it with one sweeping change]).

From: Tong Chen [mailto:TChen@topcoder.com]  
Sent: Sunday, March 18, 2007 10:14 AM 

Subject: RE: Approval for component

I’m not sure how much advantage that offers compared to something like MessageFormat. If not much, 
then I would use what the language provides for this component.

Regards,
 
Tong Chen (tc)
 
 
Sent: Sunday, March 18, 2007 8:44 AM 
To: Tong Chen 
Subject: Approval for component

I want to use the ObjectFormatter component in this component to do the formatting of whatever 
object is being passed.  Because this component is simply a framework (and has no implementations) 
– there are no other dependencies.  Additionally,  since there are no object formatting 
implementations – I’m wanting to include a basic ‘toString’ implementation and a simple 
string/argument formatter implementation (which prompted my question – these are so generic, they 
really belong to that component and not the log wrapper component)..
